# CSCI-Burger-Website
Group project for Web Programming
Our idea is to create a website where a user can create/customize their very own hamburger. The restaurant’s name is going to be Build-A-Burger (name not final). The website will be divided into a couple of pages a home page, menu/customize page, about page, and order page. For the home page and about page we will use the basic html that we have learned. This includes implementing forms, tables, links, and images. For the order/customize page we thought about using some sort of widget like a check box or radio buttons. The entire website will use basic html but those are just a few of the ideas we have.
On the CSS side we plan to use basic selectors to customize certain parts of our website. Our website will use common properties to help it stand out and catch the users’ attention. We will use a box model to help with the form of the website. This will also help make the website look a lot cleaner and professional. We haven’t fully decided on whether our website will use a flexbox or grid container. With CSS we will also make buttons to allow the user to submit an order on the order page.
By using JavaScript this will allow users to interact with our website. When it comes to the order page and menu page the food items will have prices. With JavaScript arithmetic the website will be able to calculate the total of the order depending on what the user ordered. JavaScript conditionals will be used to let the user know that they need to input something. For example, if the user did not enter their name. The website will also use loops, functions, form validation, DOM, and alerts/confirm.
To split up the work each of us will work on a certain requirement that is listed in the rubric. We will divide it in a way to where it is fair for everyone working on the project. This will be for the html and CSS side of the project. When it comes to the JavaScript we will all work on it together to make sure that it is correct. To share the code, we will use discord so that way we can all debug the code if need be.
